Tim: Look out!
That work out the way you
planned it, Boot?
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna win for you ♪
♪ Like I know you want me to ♪
Check it out. Check it out.
I got a bullet in one hand,
cigar in the other,
and I said to the chief --
I said,
"You pin that medal
right in the middle."
Right?
Hey, hey, look at that!
Officer John Nolan.
Oh! Grittiest recruit I've ever
trained right here, man.
Good to see you.
You too, man.
Only long-timers allowed
in here, Hawke.
You know the rules.
I never met a rule
I didn't break, Otto,
so go get your old ass
over to the bar
and get a drink. Come on.
It's on the Hawke.
Whoo, sit down, man.
Fun place you got here.
It's a dump, but my credit
is so good.
They're like, "Oh, I don't know
if I got this in me."
Long time ago, man.
Mm.
I tell you, my talents are
being wasted at the Academy.
Seven years is too long
to keep The Hawke cooped up.
Ah.
Yeah.
No, I need to get
back out there
on the street, man.
Take a real door, you know,
just throw some bullets.
I thought you were trying to get
assigned to Mid-Wilshire.
Oh, I was,
but your captain,
he blocked me.
♪♪
So, enough about me.
Let's talk about you.
So, tell me right now.
How's the real thing
compare to the Academy?
You were right about the job.
It is nothing
like the Academy.
That's right. That's why I never
teach by the manual.
Never.
Well, I wouldn't have been
ready if it wasn't for you.
You were the only one who showed
me any support at the Academy.
It was -- There's a whole
generation of cops
with the Hawke brand on them.
You should be proud.
Ah, don't be
blowing smoke.
I don't need you
to tell me how pretty I am.
Good, because
I'm a terrible liar.
Yes, you are.
You are terrible.
Okay, mm.
I got to wrap it up.
I got to get out of here.
Mnh-mnh!
It's a school night,
and I am not good enough at
this job to do it hung over.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
You can't tap out
on me tonight, no way.
The night is too young,
and I am in no hurry
to get back
to that motel -- none.
A motel?
Yeah. Well, my wife,
she, uh...
Uh, she kicked me out
months ago.
No.
Yeah. It's no big deal.
It's no big deal.
Marriages are tough, right?
You've been there.
Yes.
I just...
I don't know.
I just need to give her, uh --
give her a little space.
That's all.
You know, look,
I got a great couch.
Why don't you crash
at my place tonight?
No, no. I'm all paid
for the week at Travel Inn,
and I have got
clean sheets.
I got cold pizza, premium cable.
Right? Hey, if that's not
living the dream, my friend...
Yeah.
...then I don't know
what is, right?
God.
Give me this, pansy.
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-oh ♪
Nolan: I've never seen him
like that.
He's usually so confident,
so self-assured,
so --
Arrogant.
You know he's living
in a motel now?
That's what happens when you try
to be big policeman at home.
You end up
on the couch.
Tim rode with Hawke
back in the day.
Damn straight.
Craziest six months of my life.
Mm-hmm. Nolan hung out
with him last night.
Hawke and Nolan?
Oh, yeah.
They were tight
at the Academy.
They bonded over their shared
love of old stuff.
The Beastie Boys isn't old.
They formed before I was born.
All right,
everyone take a seat.
Got some
catching up to do.
Let's go.
First, let's congratulate
Officer Chen
for allowing her T.O.
to finish his coffee
before rolling
their vehicle.
I see "training" is
working out for you.
All right, more pressingly,
midnight shift was flooded
with calls last night,
and they left us
with their mess.
Let's get started.
Our detectives are working
a homicide in Larchmont Village,
but there are witnesses that
still need to be interviewed.
Bishop and Nolan,
you'll take that.
And Burglary has got
a search warrant
that patrol
didn't get around to.
Bradford and Chen,
you'll take that.
Come on, why can't Burglary
serve their own damn warrants?
Because they don't have
the vim and vigor you have,
Officer Bradford.
This is yours.
All the faces.
Don't worry.
I have pending calls
for everybody!
All right,
let's go knock 'em out
and show the late shift
how real police work is done.
Tim: All right, we're serving
a search warrant.
You see door hinges?
Uh, the door opens
outwards towards us.
And what's
a "fatal funnel"?
The first three feet
in any doorway.
Not bad.
Here's the real test.
Of all the things Burglary
told us about our suspect...
...LeShawn Halvorsen,
what's most important?
Uh, history of
fighting with police.
Wrong. This guy's been served
seven search warrants,
spent half his life
on parole.
Uh, I'm sorry.
I'm not sure I follow.
He's been searched a lot.
He knows what doesn't work,
so to find his stash, you'll
have to think like a crook.
Can you do that?
Of course.
You don't think I can?
I think you were raised
to analyze bad guys,
not be one,
and to be a great cop,
you got to have
a little outlaw in you.
Hinges?
On the inside.
Police.
Open up, LeShawn.
What's an acceptable amount of
time to wait before we bust in?
That had to hurt.
Nolan: Why don't you
like Hawke?
Talia: He's a throwback.
He thinks the good old days
were when the LAPD
was 90% white men.
Really? Didn't strike me
as that guy.
I'm sure he didn't.
Police Department!
Hello?
You called last night.
You said you had some
information about a homicide,
a stabbing that happened
around the corner.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, I was waiting so long,
I fell asleep on the couch.
Can you tell us
what you witnessed?
I'll do better than that.
I'll show you.
Come on!
Yo, lady cop,
you can search
my place all day.
Get up. Face the wall
before I snatch
the other eye
out of your head.
You need
to learn some respect.
Okay, come on, Officer Chen.
Think like a crook.
When's the last time you hid
anything under a couch,
8th grade?
You know how many times
I couldn't find my phone
and it was under the couch
the whole time?
This isn't that.
You ever heard of
the DEAR method?
D
No.
There are four principles
of concealment.
First is deception --
"D."
Deception shows you
one thing
when it's really
something else.
Prof: Hey, some heads
talking about me like,
"That dude ain't true."
"E" is for "elusive."
What appears to be nothing
is actually something.
What, what does
that make me?
What am I really, though?
"A" for "access."
Things hard to get to --
high places,
low places.
♪ Drinkin' at the Sheraton ♪
♪ Darin' chicks into marriages ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, marry me, baby ♪
♪ Half-hour later
you can carry me, baby ♪
Which brings us
to "R."
"R" is for "repulsive."
Toilets, garbage,
porn collection,
anything that makes you
want to puke
makes a crook
want to hide things there.
You've got
to be kidding me.
Might want
to glove up.
Saw a box of sex toys
in the master bedroom,
and don't forget
the toilet.
Search before
you flush.
Wait.
Uh, why do I
have to be "R"?
I don't --
I don't want to be "R."
I could be "elusive"
or "deceptive"
or something.
♪♪
I was cleaning
the garage, and, uh,
this guy ran in,
a guy I'd never met.
He was covered in blood.
He had a knife.
I told him, "You're not gonna
get far dressed like that,"
so he wanted my shirt.
Did you give it to him?
Of course not.
So then what happened?
All those karate lessons
paid off.
The knife's
on the work bench.
Do I get a medal?
Uh, give us a second.
Sure.
So, do we
arrest him, too?
I mean, he kind of
kidnapped a guy.
He used reasonable force
for a citizen's arrest,
and we can log
a collar on 187.
Day's off
to a good start.
♪♪
What the hell?
What?
I've been back there
for 20 minutes
digging through
Caligula's toy chest,
and you've had this
the whole time?
Well, not
the whole time.
It took me three
or four minutes.
Mm.
You find anything?
Uh, yeah.
Horrid, filthy things.
Lopez:
What's this call again?
Jackson: Woman called 911
last night
to report
a domestic disturbance,
and midnight shift
never got to it.
Good morning,
Mrs. Mitchell.
Sorry about the delay
responding to your call.
Is something wrong?
No, honey.
They're friends of your father.
Jump in the car.
We'll head to school in a sec.
I'm sorry.
I made a mistake calling you.
No, you didn't.
Clearly something happened
last night
that made you
call 911.
What was it?
Logan was at his grandmother's
across the street,
so I had a date over.
Things started
heating up,
and that's when
he stormed in drunk.
He being your husband?
Soon-to-be ex.
I just filed for divorce.
Usually I can keep him calm,
but when he saw Mike,
he pulled out a gun.
He hit him in the face. He made
him leave in his underwear.
Said it was called
"walking the plank."
-No, never.
It's just he's been acting
so crazy since I served papers.
You told your son that we were
friends of his father's.
I'm guessing that means
your husband's a cop?
Last name Mitchell?
My maiden name
is Mitchell, actually.
My married name
is Hawke.
Your husband's
Jeremy Hawke?
Yes, and that's why
I shouldn't have called.
He could lose his job
over this, his pension.
I understand, but what
you described are crimes.
Assault and battery,
brandishing a firearm.
Does this mean
you're gonna arrest him?
It means we're gonna
call the watch commander
and ask him how he wants us
to proceed.
Talia: Okay, down to two
pending calls.
Must've been nice to have
a champion at the Academy.
I sure didn't.
Hawke saw
something in me,
probably because
we were closer in age
than most of the rookies.
Bonded over our kids.
Yeah, his was a little younger
than Henry,
but since I'd already
been through all the
terrible teenage years,
I gave him some
hard-earned pointers.
Never took it easy
on me, though.
If anything,
he pushed me harder.
Dispatch: 7-Adam-15, we have
priority dispatch for you.
Call Sergeant Grey,
details to your box.
Not for broadcast.
What does that mean?
Nothing good.
It's Bishop. What's up?
I need Nolan.
Put me on speaker.
I heard you were with
Jeremy Hawke last night.
Uh, yeah, at a bar.
Everything okay?
He could be
in some trouble.
No criminal charges yet, but he
had an incident with his wife.
You know where he is?
I know where he's staying.
Good. Bring him to the captain's
office immediately.
Yes, sir.
We're en route.
I knew something
was wrong.
♪♪
There he is.
Do you mind if I
do the talking?
He was a little upset
last night.
I'd like to be the one
to break it to him.
Okay, but he's got
a very short leash.
-Hey.
Got a call from
the watch commander,
something about an incident
last night. What's going on?
The administration
has it out for me.
That's what's going on.
All right.
Well, he said it had
something to do with Megan.
Anyway, Sarge sent us
to come get you.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I got his messages.
I'll get there
when I get there.
Yeah, but, Hawke,
he told us to come get you.
What, I'm not
under arrest, right?
No, it's -- it's just
administrative at this point.
Enough.
You have a direct order.
See the captain immediately.
That means now.
Wha-- Are we -- Are we
doing this, Bishop?
Ask me,
tell me, make me?
You're gonna go there.
No, no one's going anywhere,
all right?
We're just following orders
here, Jeremy.
And you always taught me
confront my problems head-on,
so let's just go get this
taken care of.
You're right.
I'm just like...
Thank you.
All right, I'm sorr--
I'm -- You're right.
That's all right.
Here, I'll j--
Actually, hold on a second.
I just got
to grab my wallet.
Hey.
Nolan: Hawke,
what are you doing?
Hawke!
Hawke, what are you doing?!
Don't do it!
Hawke! Hawke!
♪♪
He knew just
how to disable us.
Yes, sir. I understand.
IA's been notified.
I will let you know
as soon as he comes in.
Yes, I understand.
Okay.
Chief is concerned.
He wants us to take care of this
quickly and quietly.
You still think it was
a bad idea for me
to block Hawke
from getting assigned here?
He's a veteran cop
who gets the job done.
Hell, he's earned 46
Letters of Commendation.
And 21
civilian complaints.
When you do
proactive police work,
you're gonna
get complaints.
21 of them?
Wade, look, I-I know we haven't
worked together that long,
but I know for a fact you would
never let one of your cops
become this reckless.
Am I right?
No, I wouldn't.
Look, Hawke
is not coming in.
He ran from Bishop and Nolan.
They lost him.
Try to show the guy
a little dignity for
the good work he's done,
this is
how he thanks us.
Yes.
-Hey, we just left the hospital.
The man Hawke hit,
Mike Gabriel,
has a busted nose,
lost a tooth.
Judge signed
the arrest warrant.
It's in the system now,
no bail.
You put out a BOLO
on Hawke and his truck.
Notify the CHP,
ping his cell,
monitor his bank cards.
You let patrol know that
they need to be careful.
He has clearly
gone over the edge.
We'll need to interview
the wife.
Yeah,
and Hawke's buddy, Nolan.
Do it.
♪♪
Lucy: Dispatch
pinged his phone.
Shows his location as
10 yards in front of us.
7-Adam-19, show us Code 6
at Riverside and Woodman.
No sign of suspect
Hawke's vehicle.
Check Utah plate
6-Mary-Ocean-1-7-Adam.
I can't believe we're
hunting Jeremy Hawke.
Man bleeds LAPD.
I was first on scene when
the guy was taking .223 rounds
using the curb
for cover.
♪♪
Hawke?
It's Tim.
We're gonna get
to the bottom of this.
Come out.
Let's talk.
Hey. Sorry.
No Hawke here.
We met back at
the motel, though.
Did he do
something wrong?
Was he ever inside
your vehicle?
Nope.
♪♪
He really is running.
He knew
we'd track his cell,
so he planted it on someone
going anywhere he's not.
He's thinking
like a criminal.
Worse --
like a criminal cop.
He knows how we do things
and what we expect,
so he's always
a step ahead.
♪♪
I can't believe Hawke
is a fugitive.
You ever arrest
a cop before?
Yeah, first year as a P2.
Officer Numsky.
Lifted a brick of coke
from a crime scene.
Sobbed like a baby when
I put the cuffs on him.
Did you feel bad,
you know,
hooking
a fellow officer up?
No.
Having a badge means you're
held to a higher standard,
not a lower one.
You had Hawke
at the Academy, right?
Yeah, and between
you and me,
he was
a lousy instructor.
All he did was talk about
his glory days
and give us
questionable advice
that pretty much boiled down
to "be a badass."
Let's end this situation.
Here they come now.
Mr. Campbell?
I'm Officer Lopez.
This is Officer West.
We understand that you were
a victim of a shooting.
You want to tell us
what happened?
Yeah, the neighborhood's
full of gangs,
and you people, you ain't
gonna do nothing about it.
That's what happened.
Sir, if we could just
hear from your son.
Nurse said detectives
handle stuff like this.
We come out first
to assess.
Okay.
It was a drive-by.
Car came right at me.
I got hit. They took off.
Just one shot?
I think so. It --
I mean,
it all happened so fast.
And where did
the shooting take place?
It took place in front
of the house.
That's where
it took place at.
That's what happens when you
hang around the wrong people.
I keep tell--
Are you saying
you know who did this?
No, I'm saying he need
to listen to his father.
That's what I'm saying.
-Sir, I understand your anger,
but we need to finish
questioning your son.
I'd like to be able to do that
with you in the room,
but I can have Officer West
take you into the hall.
Will that
be necessary?
No.
Good.
Can we see
your injury, please?
♪♪
Just feel like
I could've done more.
Like what,
fix Hawke's marriage?
No, just made him come with me,
talk some sense into him.
It wouldn't have made
a difference. The guy's clearly
been on edge for a while.
Last night, he fell off.
You know it would've saved
everyone a lot of grief
if you'd have hooked Hawke up
back at the motel?
That's not helpful,
Sanford.
We just have
a few questions to ask.
You'll be back on the street
before you know it.
Sure. Who do you want
to talk to first?
Who do you think?
I hate this guy.
Hey, get it to go.
Have a seat.
You need anything, some coffee?
No, thanks.
Am I in trouble here?
No.
Maybe.
Well, that clears it up.
How well do you know
Jeremy Hawke?
He was my TAC instructor
at the Academy.
We became friends.
Went out for beers
a few times.
I hadn't seen him
in about a month.
Till last night.
Right.
He tell you he was
gonna scare the wife
and assault
the boyfriend?
Of course not.
No, he was --
He was drunk.
Um...
I tried to convince him
to come crash on my couch.
He insisted on going back
to his motel.
I thought he was just
having a bad night.
A bad night? His career
was going nowhere,
his marriage was over,
and he was drinking too much.
That doesn't sound
like a bad night.
That sounds like
a desperate man.
Yes, well,
I see that now.
I wish I had
last night.
Is that why
you let him escape?
He was feeling guilty.
I --
Look, um, Bishop and I
went to pick him up.
He ran, end of story.
Do you have any idea
where Hawke might go?
No.
Would you tell us
if you knew?
Yes.
♪♪
You okay?
Yeah, but
they better hope
I don't get them
for Secret Santa.
Don't sweat it.
You did everything right.
I'll tell them that.
Thanks.
Megan?
Uh, John Nolan. I met you
at Hawke's birthday party.
Yes, of course.
Hawke, uh, talked about you
a lot, actually.
He said you were
an inspiration.
Oh, kind of
"worst kid on the team
finally gets a chance to
play" kind of inspiration?
No, because you did it.
You changed your life.
I mean, Jeremy talked about
leaving the department,
but deep down, he knew
that he needed
to be a legend.
Right.
I mean, my uncle offered him
a job last year.
Great money selling
security gear, but then...
Jeremy wouldn't be
"The Hawke" anymore,
and, you know, he didn't know
who he was without that.
We're gonna bring him
back safe and sound.
I doubt that.
If I learned anything about
Hawke in 15 years of marriage,
it's that he's too stubborn
to ever say he's sorry
and too proud
to ever give up.
How am I supposed to tell
my son about this?
He idolizes his dad.
Capt. Andersen:
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
I've sent a unit
to pick up your son.
If you need anything,
just ask.
Just a moment.
Did you speak
to Paige and Motta?
Yeah, Bishop's in there
with them right now.
When she's done,
you get back out there.
Find this guy.
Yes, ma'am.
♪♪
Don't let the detectives
get under your skin.
Do they really think
I let him escape?
Not after
I was done with them.
Dispatch: 7-Adam-15,
respond to an ATM hit
for suspect Hawke
near your location --
9455 Lankershim.
He picked that ATM
for a reason.
There's three freeways
near here.
He could be on any one of them
and in the wind
in less than a minute,
so...
which one do we pick?
None of them.
He's trying
to trick us.
Make a right here.
He won't take the freeway.
He knows police tactics.
He knows we'll set up on it
so we can catch him.
He'll use
surface streets.
There he is.
I'm gonna
start calling you Yoda.
No, you're not.
Light him up.
7-Adam-15, in pursuit
of suspect Hawke
heading east on L.
♪♪
Hang on.
Is that a grenade?
Smoke grenade.
♪♪
Where is he?
Talia: Where did he go?
Did we lose him?
There, right there.
7-Adam-15,
we've got him
eastbound Morrison
approaching Riverdale.
He's not yielding.
He's speeding.
Speed's climbing.
Northbound now.
He's burning lights.
Two near misses.
We have to end this.
Hawke is gonna
get somebody killed.
He could roll if they PIT him
at this speed.
Yeah, we have
to risk it.
You tell them to find
the right spot and do it.
Andersen.
Capt. Andersen: PIT Hawke's car.
I'm giving you permission.
It's top-heavy.
It could flip.
Hit it hard
and get out of the way.
Got it.
♪♪
Oh, no.
7-Adam-15,
negative on any PIT.
Hawke's son
is on board.
How did this happen?
How does he take my son?
He went straight to the school
after he fled the motel.
Listen to me.
I am telling you,
I'm gonna get your son back.
I promise.
Hawke was terrified that
I would get full custody.
As messed up as you think
my husband is,
he loves our son.
He will not give him up
willingly.
♪♪
I think they're both lying.
Tell me why.
Okay, he said the head wound
was back to front,
but the car drove at him,
so the wound should be
front to back.
See the stippling
around the wound?
That suggests that the gunshot
was at close range,
not shot from a car.
You minor in forensics
in college?
Nope, just looked at a bunch
of crime-scene pics with my dad.
So, what are we
gonna do now?
We're supposed
to call detectives
and stand by
to stand by.
But we're not
gonna do that?
I don't like
being lied to.
I hear that.
Let's jack 'em up.
7-Adam-19, we are on intercept
course with Hawke's truck,
three blocks out
and closing.
Is this safe with
Hawke's kid in the car?
Hawke thinks we've fallen back
into tracking mode.
He doesn't know
we blocked the streets,
turned the lights green
to funnel him towards us.
He won't see
the roadblock coming.
To him, it looks like
we've fallen back.
Yeah, but won't all the green
lights look suspicious?
He won't notice.
"What appears to be
nothing," remember?
You're DEAR method
incarnate.
You've got a tactic for
any situation, don't you?
Maybe.
What if you get
robbed at gunpoint?
Easy, deception.
I carry an empty wallet.
If I ever got robbed,
I'd drop my fake,
pull my piece,
and good night, nurse.
So, where do you keep
your cards and money?
Money clip
behind my belt.
Okay, you're
officially weird.
Get ready.
It's going down.
7-Adam-19,
about to intercept.
Make sure you block him in.
-7-Adam-15, copy.
He just did
a hard left turn.
It's like he knows
what we're gonna do.
The SOB must still
have his radio.
♪♪
Hawke, I know you
can hear me.
You need to pull over
right now.
♪♪
Hawke?
I'm not good at calling it
quits, Nolan. You know that.
A lot of boys at Pelican Bay
can attest to that.
So, what,
you gonna join them?
That is
never gonna happen.
What's your end game
here, Hawke?
You just gonna
escape the pursuit
and live
happily ever after?
Didn't you learn anything
in class, Nolan?
This is a tactical situation,
not a strategic one.
Long term isn't about
the conversation.
The initial obstacle
is the pursuit.
Once I lose that,
just focus on the next step.
What about Logan?
Are you prepared for
something to happen to him?
Leave my son out of this.
Don't use me against my dad!
He said you'd try that and that
you'd lie about everything.
But it won't work.
We're in this together.
Whatever happens to him,
happens to me.
I'm not lying, Logan.
Your father is.
He's lost control.
You're done.
Logan?
Hawke?
He's done talking.
What's the latest?
Hawke avoided
the spike strips.
He's committed
to running.
And his kid's
a willing participant.
What do you
want us to do?
Brass wants us to proceed
with caution
now that it's
all over the news.
The more time we give Hawke,
the more chance he'll have
to figure out a way to escape.
Can't risk that,
not with his kid in jeopardy.
First chance
we get to end this,
take it.
♪♪
Mr. Campbell,
do you have a minute?
Shouldn't you be out there
chasing that guy?
I thought you wanted us here
investigating who shot your son.
You said that was
the detectives' job.
They're a little busy,
so they asked us to stay here
and dig a little deeper.
That's not a problem, is it?
No.
Good. I've just got
a few questions.
Earlier, you acted like you knew
who shot your son --
said he was hanging out
with the wrong people.
Who were you talking about?
No one. It was
just in general, you know.
No, I don't know.
He's been acting differently
for the last year or so --
talking back, not listening.
He's --
He's a teenager.
Are you saying he's to blame
for getting shot?
That's not what I said.
Don't put words in my mouth.
I don't have a clue
who shot him, okay?
End of story.
Is it just you
and your dad?
Yeah. My mom took off
when I was little.
That's tough.
Especially with
a dad like yours.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Let's just say
that I, uh --
I know a thing or two
about parental expectations.
Yeah, my father was always
pushing me to be better,
to work harder,
take everything he said
as gospel.
It can be a lot,
especially
if you disappoint him.
It was a drive-by.
No it wasn't.
The gun was close
when it went off.
Your ear on that side
is probably still ringing.
Look, let me help you.
Please.
It was a drive-by.
♪♪
Why's he going
this way?
What's his plan?
We were just trying
to figure that out.
How would you
get away?
Job number one would be
to lose air support.
No way to escape
the eye in the sky.
What about you?
Go somewhere
packed with people.
Overwhelm our resources.
Switch cars.
Does every cop
have an escape plan?
Most.
Hawke and I worked
a car one summer.
We were
a two-man wrecking crew.
Took down
some heavy hitters.
We talked about how we'd
run from the cops
because it made us
better hunters.
♪♪
♪ This ain't fine ♪
Covered parking,
tons of people.
He's going to the mall.
We need to get him now.
Tim: Suspect headed
for the Fair Street Mall.
Need additional units.
Code 3.
♪ No, no ♪
♪ It won't leave me be ♪
♪♪
Hawke!
Don't do it.
Move. Out of the way,
move!
-Back!
-Move!
Out of the way.
-Back! Get back!
Don't do this!
Hawke!
I'll go get a key
from the security guard.
Don't do this, Hawke.
This has escalated
way out of your control.
You know that.
Yeah, well, that's what happens
when they push
a man too far.
"They"?
Yeah, they.
They
They didn't do anything.
You --
You got drunk and you went
to your wife's house
and assaulted her boyfriend,
and then you ran away.
There's nothing
honorable in that.
You go. You go.
Your dad's right
behind you, buddy.
No, no, no.
Let him stay.
Logan, you stay.
He has the right to know
what you're
running away from,
what he's risking
his life to protect.
God, your
son idolizes you.
You are
letting him down.
You told me
you teach by example.
Tell me what you're
teaching him right now.
Teaching him?
Yes.
My wife wants
sole custody of my son.
I went there. I'm the one
who tried to reason,
and she's in there
with a naked man
in my slippers,
in my bed
What the hell am I supposed
to do with that?
Deal with it.
Deal with it?
Like a grown-up.
Logan: Dad, we got to go.
Son.
Listen, Hawke.
Please.
You will never forgive yourself
if anything happens to him.
It's time to be a father
and do the right thing.
♪♪
I'm a --
You know what?
It's right. He's right.
♪♪
He's right, son.
This is where the end
of the road is, right here.
We're done.
No, Dad, I don't care
what you did.
I'm going with you.
You said we were
in this together.
♪♪
You know what?
[ Handcuffs rattling,
clicking ]
But you...
You're just
gonna slow me down.
Dad!
I'm sorry.
I love you.
Dad, are you
kidding me?
Dad, stop!
Dad!
Form a perimeter!
Tim:  He must've
blocked it with something.
Where does this door lead?
Interior hallway.
From there you can go
anywhere in the mall,
places the public
can't access.
You made him
leave me behind.
He was safer with me.
Logan's safe.
We got him away from Hawke.
Thank God.
Officers are bringing him
back now.
He's not hurt...
...but he's angry.
Your husband lied about
what was happening.
So Hawke blames me.
I think
he blames everybody
except himself.
Hey.
You've done nothing wrong.
You have a right
to be happy,
to be in
a healthy relationship,
to not live in fear
of saying something
or doing something that
could set him off.
Sounds like
hard-won knowledge.
My ex wasn't
exactly Hawke,
but he wasn't healthy,
either.
Where's my husband now?
He's still
on the loose.
But we're gonna get him.
Make sure it's secure.
Sgt. Grey: Time element
since we had a visual?
-Four minutes.
Thin, but we have units
moving in at every exit.
We'll have full containment
in a few minutes.
If I were him, I'd head back
to the parking garage
and just steal a car, get lost
in the stream heading out.
I'd change clothes,
pull the fire alarm,
blend in with
the fleeing crowd.
Sewer system.
That's the way to go.
Dogs can't track him,
good current,
be in Chinatown
in 15 minutes.
Dispatch:
All units, be advised,
man with a gun
at Lowington Financial. Code 3.
That's six blocks
from here.
-No, sir.
911 call cut off before we
could get more information.
That's how I'd do it.
Call in a false report.
Pulls manpower away,
divides our resources,
it frees up an exit.
That call's not real.
That's Hawke.
And if it's not?
If the call's real
and we don't divert units
over immediately,
what happens then?
♪♪
What did you do?
Man, get the hell
out of here.
No, I have every right
to be here.
You can't stop me
from seeing him.
You're the reason
he's like this.
Lopez: Hey! Hey!
Hey, man, get out of here.
Enough!
Hey!
Stop! Police!
Lopez:
No, Everett, don't!
Who the hell is he?!
He's my boyfriend!
♪♪
-Breathe.
Dispatch:
7-Adam-14, 7-Adam-25,
respond to active shooter
at Lowington Financial.
[ Siren wailing,
tires screeching ]
♪♪
It's over, Hawke.
Unh-unh.
You know the drill.
Slide the gun over here.
Get on the ground.
That's not gonna happen.
You already
made a mistake.
There's no clear
line of fire in here.
You want to shoot me?
You could shoot him,
but I'll tell you
something.
That...
Ah, ah, ah.
That doesn't concern me.
Easy, Boot.
He's not
gonna shoot you.
He's trying
suicide by cop.
How many times did we run
this scenario in the Academy?
What do you always say about
guys who go down like this?
That they're cowards.
That's how cops are
gonna talk about you.
You want me to go down
without a fight
Nobody's saying that.
I was.
Oh!
Oh, this -- this is --
this is gonna be good. Huh?
Oh, this is gonna
be good, gentlemen.
Not really a fair fight,
but it's gonna be good
because I trained
both of you, one in the field,
one in the classroom,
and I know your strengths,
and I know your weaknesses.
Yeah. Where's
your bladed stance, huh?
Always come in with your head.
-Hey!
Aah!
You were supposed to arrest him,
not get in a brawl.
We had him.
♪♪
Mm-hmm.
How's Everett?
He's heading
to jail.
You know, it's interesting you
asked about him first,
not your dad.
How is he?
Out of surgery.
He'll pull through.
You know, we, um --
we had his hands tested
for gunshot residue
while he was under.
Found trace amounts.
We found a lot more
on you.
See, at first,
I, uh, thought
you might've tried
to attempt suicide.
Your dad was on you so much
about being gay
that you couldn't
take it anymore.
He tried to stop you,
and you ended up in here.
That's not
what happened, is it?
It was a drive-by.
I have a new theory.
See, I think
that you snapped.
With all his bullying
and derision,
I think that you
tried to kill him.
You struggled for the gun,
and it went off,
and you got hit.
You can't
prove any of that.
That's not my job.
Detectives
will be here shortly.
You know what?
Maybe you'll walk away,
maybe you won't.
Either way,
you need to understand
that his actions
don't excuse yours.
You could've asked
for help
or left home.
You know, instead, you might've
just destroyed three lives.
♪♪
See, that's what happens
when you choose
a permanent solution
for a temporary problem.
♪♪
Look --
we can't
choose our fathers...
...but we can choose
how we let them shape us.
♪♪
♪ They say the road is gonna
call you out, boy ♪
Maybe buy two
next time.
Oh, one second.
Hey, uh,
are you headed home?
Uh, yeah,
were you coming to see me?
No, I'm --
Well, yeah. Um...
I-I-I just wanted to check
and make sure you were okay
after everything
that happened.
You're thinking I may be
feeling a little responsible
for rejecting
Hawke's application
to get back out
on the street.
Yeah.
I don't.
Look, what Hawke needed
wasn't here.
It's easy to let
this job define you.
It's a lot more difficult to
make it only part of your life.
I'll remember that.
You have
a good night.
Nolan.
Hawke admired you
for reinventing yourself.
Thing he didn't
understand is
how much work
you had to put into it.
The fact that you did it at
the lowest point in your life...
...it's something
to be proud of.
Thank you.
Does that mean
I'm off probation?
Get out of here.
Good night.
♪ Packed my things,
I got my lady, too ♪
♪♪
♪ And here I'll stay until
the Lord is gonna call me ♪
Charlie:
It's for you.
Thanks, Charlie.
Yeah, Bradford.
Never tell a crook
where you hide your money.
Lucy?
You told me to think
like a criminal,
so after you got
your ass kicked,
I grabbed
your money clip.
I wonder how you're gonna
pay for your bill.
You are
in so much trouble.
Uh
Maybe you could wash the dishes.
But you might
want to glove up.
Good night.
♪♪
Charlie.
How's my credit here?
♪♪